{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red135\green135\blue135;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Impromptu Zoom Meeting - November 17\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/Ybhs71oRi8NqRT843ztQbzvyg7MxGEvd"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 VIEW RECORDING - 59 mins (No highlights)}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=0.54"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:00}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I just read the foreword and stuff like that. I've been trying to get through the videos and everything. I've just had a busy weekend.\
But I did watch the Moving Averages. I'm halfway through the Momentum Edicators. So just a little behind on that.\
I was hoping to get that done today, but got caught up in some stuff.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=19.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:19}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
It is what it is. You do what you can. Any questions on any of the stuff you've looked at thus far?\
No, not really.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=27.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:27}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I mean, it always seems to be easier to read the charts in hindsight, you know, but no, that's kind of it.\
Cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=36.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:36}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So let me, I want to show you, and I think we touched basis on this last time we met, the book, right?\
You got the book. Now you're going to read the book. So I want to show you two very specific candle patterns that Anna Cooley talks about in the book, just so you kind of know what she's talking about, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Leo started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=78.408806"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
So let me get my screen going here. I'll share it in a second. Okay, so obviously you haven't really started it yet, you're going get into it.\
She talks about something called stopping pressure, right? It's like, hey, we have this momentum happening, whether it's up or down, right?\
And then we get this candle that we call stopping pressure. This is the first signal that the market is getting ready to turn around, right?\
Going the opposite direction. The more we work together, you're going to realize I trade reversals, right? Elliott trades the market trend, right?\
It's very different styles of trading. You're going to eventually gravitate towards one of the other, right? Whatever it is you understand better, you're going to like that better.\
So in this chart... I'm going to zoom in so we can get a better \'96 I hate it when this happens.\
Give me a second. I don't know when it does that. Hold on. I'm going to to restart this again.\
Sorry about that. I don't know when I clicked.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=137.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @2:17}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
It's okay. It's happened before, though, so I've to figure out what I'm doing wrong.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=144.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @2:24}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So here we go, Johnson, and then \'96 not that it matters because we're focusing on the candlestick, but we're going to look at Johnson & Johnson on the weekly chart.\
Again, it shouldn't really matter. We're more focused on the candle than we are on anything else. So let me zoom in here.\
Perfect. So \'96 there we go. So my name's looking better. So we're in an aggressive downtrend, right? This thing's just coming down, down, down, down, down, down.\
Then we have something weird to happen. We have this candle, right? It's a candle with a really small body in the bottom, really long upper wick, but it has a crazy large increasing volume, right?\
So it doesn't make sense. How is it that we have this many sellers here, yet we couldn't even create a red candle?\
This is essentially a green candle. It opened, went a little lower, shot up, seller stepped in and brought the price back down.\
So this in itself, it's an anomaly, right? When you have this kind of volume, you're expecting, you know, a big body, kind of like something you see over here, right?\
Kind of like this is the cost, this is the effect, they don't really match. So, and Akulian talks about this.\
When you have an aggressive down move, followed by this, which there's so many names for these dojis, I think most people call it like a gravestone doji, right?\
I don't know, whatever you want to call it, right? Small body, long upper weight, right? Increasing volume. So it's like, hey, this candle, this is stopping pressure when we're on a downtrend.\
So when you see this candle after an aggressive move down, it usually means, hey, market's getting ready to stop and possibly turn around.\
So things come down, we get that stopping pressure signal, and then we get a doji after it. This is known as accumulation.\
So in the videos, they talk about doji's being a decision. In my opinion, doji's after an aggressive move down or a move up are either accumulation, if it's an aggressive move down, or if it's an aggressive move up, they can be known as distribution, right?\
So what is accumulation? It's the market comes down, the market makers want to get back in, they don't want everybody else to know, so they wiggle the price down, they wiggle the price up, and they're slowly buying, but they're manipulating it.\
Accumulating the price that they're buying at, and that's how they're able to bring it down, bring it up, and then price close is almost exactly where it opens, right?\
And again, you see a shift of, hey, sellers were in control, buyers are stepping in now and taking control, right?\
So it's like, okay, now you have accumulation. What happens after that? The market starts going higher, and we go higher, you know, and then obviously they get to a point where they want to start taking profits.\
They do. So this candle is stopping pressure, the downside. This candle is stopping pressure to the upside. You see how they're opposites?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=335.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:35}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=337.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So it's the same candle, right? I could literally invert the chart and show you it's the same thing, right?\
It's, hey, this was going up, stopping pressure, distribution, and then price came down. Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=352.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:52}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=353.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:53}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Here we got stopping pressure, and we're going down stopping pressure, and then price started going higher. So it's the same thing, except...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=360.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:00}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Why would they even have that feature to invert the chart? That's so weird.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=364.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:04}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, it's weird what they do. I love TradingView, man. They have so many little quirks and things to do that it's cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=371.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:11}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I like it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=371.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:11}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
like the indicators they have. And as far as like indicators, I personally like the Bollinger Bands. That's my favorite one.\
And I like full stochastics. I like when I can get them to match up. Like, for example, this was kind of freaked out.\
But when you have a candle that's bouncing at a Bollinger Band, kind of, you know, something like here. Like, hey, we crossed that lower band.\
Fire's stepped in. Let's see if I can make the volume bigger. Or not. That's the one thing I don't love about this, that sometimes the volume is just not as clear as you want it to be.\
But, again, you know, the idea with the Bollinger Bands. 92% chance we stay within them. So usually when we break the bottom or the top one, we have an aggressive reaction to the opposite.\
So when you can find us breaking the lower one, and then you have, hey, buyers are now taking control and stepping in, and you got the full stochastics essentially below the 20, it's kind of telling you, hey, we have a lot of room to go.\
And that's kind of what happened here. Like, hey, aggressive recovery, one more red day, and then this thing's built in a couple months, I'm going start shooting higher.\
So I, most of my trades that I look for are either something that's rejecting the upper Bollinger Band, or something that's just kind of like here, like we're accumulating, creating a base to start shooting back up.\
So I like taking my trades at the extremes. I'm not saying you can't find good trades in the middle, but they happen.\
But they're not as, what's the way to say it? So the odds of profit are not as high as when you find something that's rejecting an upper Bollinger or a low Bollinger.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=471.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:51}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So, so me personally, I like looking for that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=475.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:55}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
But yeah, when you find, and I don't have an example right off the top of my head, but. When you find this candle, this doji, right, and let's say it happened after a really aggressive move up, so like let's say this candle was here, that would be the opposite of accumulation would be distribution, right?\
So she's going to, I mean, obviously she's going to hit on all that. By the time you get to Chapter 5, you're going to be, you're going understand, accumulation, distribution, pretty much.\
And she goes over it pretty good. So that's usually what I'm looking for. Like that's my, you know, dojis, you know, hammers.\
Stocking pressure candles, that's what I'm usually looking for. So, for example, a, two weeks ago, a little over two weeks ago, we found this trade on the monthly.\
Right, you told me about that one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=522.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:42}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
That MTX, I showed it to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=524.12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:44}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. How like buyers just overwhelmed the thing here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=527.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:47}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, and you thought it was a mistake when they kicked you out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=532.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:52}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And then, you know, Dash, we were looking at it on the weekly last week. And we had a similar scenario.\
Hey, just overwhelmed the market, right? Clear shift from sellers to buyers. This can be considered a pretty aggressive candle, and now we're just kind of waiting for this thing to shoot off, right?\
So this happens on every time, essentially. I guess the one thing I don't think we addressed last week, when you're looking at a daily chart, right?\
When you're looking for a short-term trade, normally you're going to find that on the daily chart. You want to look for that during the last two hours of the market, right?\
It doesn't make sense to look at a daily chart at 9.30 in the morning because that candle hasn't developed yet, right?\
You want to see the candle at the end of the candle, so you get a better idea of what the day of the candle is going to look like.\
If it were a weekly chart, the weekly only really matters on Thursdays and Friday, right? That's the end of the week.\
That's where you get a real idea of what that candle actually is going to look like for the week.\
And then the monthly, same deal. You don't look at the monthly until like after the 20th.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=604.401"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:04}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
But if we look at the weekly and exclude the most recent candle and just kind of try this and then see whether it even sort of predicts or it's consistent with what we thought it might have done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=616.821"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:16}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So like if we look at this candle, right? Or you mean this one? No, like this is a weekly?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=622.721"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:22}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
This is weekly, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=623.561"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:23}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So like if we're just kind of looking at it, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=626.261"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:26}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
And we take away the last one, right? And say, okay, what would we have expected after a really big red with lots of sellers?\
What would we come next? And we probably predict something bearish, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=642.461"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:42}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
100%. 100%. Yes. But here's the thing, though. right here, looking at this chart, we're late to the move. You know what I mean?\
Like there is no entry here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=655.201"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:55}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I'm not saying there's an entry. I'm just saying just for the sake of like what would we... What would we do?\
Because then if you go to the next one, now, but of course, this is a weekly, but we're seeing, we're starting to see heavy, more buyers than sellers there, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=671.321"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:11}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=672.741"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:12}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So that may be an indication of this is something to watch and this could be, now where's the Bollinger Band?\
Like we're on the lower Bollinger Band.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=680.561"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:20}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yes. Right? So, I mean, maybe this is something to watch.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=685.541"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:25}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, 100%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=686.341"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:26}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
This is something to, again, I trade reversals. To me, this is that first indication that a reversal is about to happen.\
The only thing that I would wish would have happened that would have gave me more conviction on the trade is if we had more increasing volume as compared to the previous campaign.\
Oh, there's actually another week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=705.641"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:45}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I didn't even realize it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=706.881"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:46}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So this is this week. Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=708.701"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:48}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
is last week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=709.861"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:49}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So this is the action we've gotten today, right? Today being Monday.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=714.441"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:54}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
And the fact that the lower wick is still pretty high relative to the previous two. I mean... I think this is a this is a great sign.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=722.241"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:02}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, 100 percent. I think this is going to be a great trade. Obviously, today's Monday. I don't expect big moves to happen on Monday.\
Actually, my my theory with most candles is Monday's job is to create the wick. So what do I mean by that?\
So like, look at this green candle. Price opened. It actually went down before price was able to go. Right.\
If you look at this red candle, price opened. It actually went up a little bit before it turned around.\
So most candles that have a good, decent move actually create a wick before the before the real move happens.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=760.361"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:40}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
The wicks tend to happen early in the time period. percent.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=764.201"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:44}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Manipulation happens before expansion. Always. You need to trick people into the wrong direction before things go your way. Ah.\
So it usually the wick needs to happen before the real move. And that's how you trick people into thinking, hey.\
If we're going up or we're going down, right, whatever, then you do the opposite. So that's why we have wigs.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=786.521"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:06}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So now, okay, I'll let you actually drive.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=792.081"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:12}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Any questions on it? I mean, not talk to me, man. No, that totally makes sense.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=795.541"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:15}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I don't want to ask a question that's going to jump too far ahead. I'd rather, like, get the most out of where you're going with this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=803.641"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:23}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, like I said, reversals, right? That's what I trade. So then the question, I guess, so, like, let's say we're here.\
We both agree, hey, we're bullish, right? Buyers are stepping in, right? We're below that lower Bollinger band. Full stochastics are essentially below the 20 now.\
So first thing we got to do is choose direction, right? So, like, hey, we're bullish. We think price is going to go up.\
Step two is, like, hey, where do I think price is going? Right? So I believe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=833.761"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:53}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So especially what's your risk reward? Is that what it is you're talking about?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=837.901"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:57}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Well, not even, we're not even there yet, right? And now it's like, predict the price. If we go up, where do you think price would go, right?\
So price is always trying to take out a previous swing high, a previous swing low, or something we call a market imbalance.\
Have you ever heard that term before?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=856.441"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:16}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
The market events? Market imbalance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=859.481"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:19}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Market imbalance?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=860.381"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:20}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Are you saying balance or balance? Imbalance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=862.601"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:22}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Imbalance, okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=863.501"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:23}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, so market imbalance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=865.021"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:25}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Have you ever heard of that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=865.921"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:25}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
No. Okay, so I'm going to send you a video that explains that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=869.361"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:29}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Because that, again, it's not in the program. But essentially, what happens, and let me see if I can find a good example.\
Probably not on Dash. I'd prefer to put better one on Spotify.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=879.701"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:39}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So do we care about the fact that it looks like the big red bull was due to a miss on earnings, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=888.221"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:48}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, I mean, that happened, right? They didn't hit earnings. Their revenue was good, right? But they missed earnings. So that already happened.\
We don't care about this trade here. The only reason we're looking at this trade was because this candle was created.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=904.341"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:04}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
No, but if we're talking about looking at, do we consider, okay, right now we're talking about where do we expect the price to go?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=912.421"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:12}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Right. Right. So, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=914.781"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:14}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So I'm thinking, okay, even if we expect it to go up, do we really want to look at all those candles that are way up there?\
Because is that realistic after such a big drop? So it's not.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=928.481"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:28}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And that's where the market imbalance comes in, right? So regularly, like let's look at this candle, right? This candle has a previous candle and it has an after candle, right?\
You see how this candle goes all the way up to here and then this one goes all the way down to here?\
Essentially, they're completely covering this candle, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=947.801"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:47}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=948.341"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:48}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Well, this candle, this aggressive candle, whether it's green or red, it's an aggressive candle. This candle was not covered by the previous or after candle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=958.181"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:58}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
It's almost like a gap.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=959.581"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:59}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=960.001"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:00}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=960.901"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:00}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So it's like, have you heard of a fair value gap?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=964.261"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:04}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
No. Well, I've heard the term, but I don't know what it is.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=967.101"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:07}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So it's actually already drawn on my chart. This green area is a fair value gap. So how do you, how do you come up with that?\
Well, you grab the lowest point of the before candle and you grab the highest point of the after candle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=983.221"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:23}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Including the wick? Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=985.241"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:25}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
100%. Because price has been there. So, and then you draw this square and then essentially, hey, this is the gap.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=993.181"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:33}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So are we, okay. So, and what does this gap tell us?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=997.161"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Well, gaps need to be filled, right? Gaps are market in corrections, market mistakes. They need to be corrected, right?\
But, but here's the thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1005.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:45}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
In other words, this is the part that I don't understand, right? We're saying that this company told us that its sales are worse than what we thought they were going to be.\
So we are, we now are accounting that in for its price value, but yet we're saying... are manufacturing. Because of this oddball thing that's saying gaps need to be filled, we're saying, oh, it should go up anyway and disregard what we already learned about it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1027.12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:07}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Well, you're mixing financials with technical analysis. You know what I mean? Okay. Like, we don't use financials here at all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1037.08"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:17}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. We're not investing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1038.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:18}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
We're trading.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1040.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:20}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. And we're going to be in this, like, we're looking at a weekly, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1043.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:23}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Let's say we take this trade. I expect to be out of this trade within three to four weeks at most.\
Okay. So, I'm basing my decisions on the volume, not exactly on whatever the financials are. Okay. Okay. Right? So, but, I mean, you have a valid point.\
You're thinking more like a finance person, right? It's something you'd invest in, which makes sense if you're going to hold this long term.\
But regularly what happens is, like, or the way I think about it, this was an overreaction, right? Sure, the numbers weren't great.\
This was an overreaction. A lot of people are aware of that, so they're getting in early for that pullback.\
Now, with that being said, this is a gap, right? Gaps need to be filled. It would be a little ridiculous in my end to tell you, hey, we're going to fill the whole gap and we're going to go from 207 all the way up to 253, right?\
Like that's a 20% move. That's not going to happen. That's too aggressive. So what I do is I grab a Fib retracement and I draw it inside of my gap.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1107.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:27}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
And I only care for that 50% line, which is why I don't have the other levels.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1112.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:32}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And I can tell you my price target is 231. I love it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1117.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:37}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I love that you have such a good formula there. It's not just based on like, oh, well, this line was over here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1121.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:41}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
I don't, I don't trade like that, man. My price targets are always going to be fair value gaps, previous swing highs or previous swing lows.\
That those are the three things that determine where I think price is going. Okay. So we have direction, right?\
We're bullish. We have a price target. This is where it's going to get a little tricky because now you have to decide, hey, how many candles am I willing to stay in this trade to make some money?\
Is there a right or wrong answer? Not really. You're going to kind of figure out what experience. I'll tell you this.\
Most reversals have an effect on the next three to five candles. Five candles after the reversal happens, we're at a whole new price point, and this candle kind of becomes irrelevant.\
So with that being said, essentially what I'm saying is this candle is signaling a reversal that can last for the next three to maybe five candles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1180.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @19:40}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So what price is it now? It's at $2.07? $2.08-ish, $2.08-84. And you want to get up to $2.31?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1189.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @19:49}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yes. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1190.54"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @19:50}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
so if by any chance, so the risk is it's going to jump tomorrow and you lose out on a few dollars.\
Right. Versus, or it could protect... Potentially go down and then change your whole mindset on the thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1205.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:05}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Right. mean, realistically speaking, what is like the perfect entry?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1209.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:09}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
But I would say to wait until the end of the week might be a little bit too cautious. Yeah, I wouldn't do that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1219.18"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:19}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
What I would say is like, hey, this is our signal, right, that the market is shifting. This is the signal.\
Now, now what we really want is we want to see if Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, we can break the high of this candle and hold it.\
If we can break it and hold it, that would be kind of your perfect entry, right? But define the hold.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1239.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:39}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
In other words, because again, it hasn't broken it yet today. Or did it? It's kind of really close. It might have.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1246.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:46}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No, it is broken. It broke it, but it couldn't hold it. It couldn't hold.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1251.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:51}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1252.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @20:52}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, so what is, what is, what is, let me define the hold for you. You know, that level is 20930.\
I want. Either later today, which I don't think will happen today. It's too late. I want tomorrow or Wednesday.\
want price to close above $209.30. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1268.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:08}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
That would be the definition of a hold.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1270.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:10}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Hey, we broke this level and we closed the day above it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1274.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:14}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I want to schedule another call with you tomorrow and watch these together.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1280.44"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:20}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So essentially, that's what we're looking for as far as entry, right? That's the perfect entry. Now, the question I was asking you is like, hey, we got to create a timeline, right?\
And we got to decide how many candles am I willing to be in this trade? So let's say, hey, I'm willing to be in this trade for three candles, which equals three weeks.\
That means my expiration has to be double of that on my options contract, right? So if I'm going to be in this trade for three weeks, my expiration is going to have to be essentially the end of December.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1315.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:55}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
The expiration would have to be, oh, so three weeks, the end of December.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1319.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:59}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Right. So I'm to be in the trade for three weeks, my expiration has to be six weeks, double of the time I'm willing to be in it.\
Now, the reasoning behind that is Theta, right? Theta, and you haven't learned about Theta. You're not on the options point yet, but I don't know.\
Have you heard about Theta before?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1333.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @22:13}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I've heard. Again, I don't know if I remember.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1337.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @22:17}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So Theta is time decay. Essentially, the longer you hold this contract, the more value it loses. So think of it like a hot potato.\
Right. You want to hold it and then have it gain value. And as soon as it does, you want to throw it to the next person because the contract is running out of time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1356.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @22:36}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1356.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @22:36}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And the closer you get to that expiration, the less it's going to be worth. So my biggest thing when I'm trading is like the most important part out of everything.\
It's not choosing direction. It's not choosing price target. It's figuring out how many days, how many weeks, how many months am I willing to be in this trade?\
So if I'm saying, hey, I'm willing to be in this trade for three weeks, my expiration's got to be six weeks out.\
Right. Right. No matter what, I have to be out of this trade at the end of those three weeks tops, right?\
Now, we figured that out. Now we know the expiration for a contract, right? So now the next part is like, hey, we have to pick the right strike price, right?\
You have three options here. You can buy a call. So we're trading at 208, right? So essentially, you can buy the 210 call.\
It would be right here. And so what is the plus of doing it? This is essentially at the money, right?\
This is where the price is at right now. So the plus side of this, your odds of profit are the highest here, right?\
Because essentially all you need is for price to go above this and you'll be making money. The downside, this contract is super expensive.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1430.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:50}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So you're risking a lot of money on this contract.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1432.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:52}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
If it doesn't work out, it's going to hurt, right? Option number two is you find the middle point between the action.\
So we're going to assume, hey, we're trading at $209.92, whatever, $208. We want to go to $231. That middle point would essentially be $220.\
So option number two is, hey, I'm going to buy the $220 call. This one is way cheaper. The $220 strike.\
Yeah, $220 strike. This contract is cheaper. Your odds of profit are still good. Obviously not as high as this one.\
But if you really catch a big move and we go to $231, this is going to make you a ton of money.\
So you're like, hey, this is saving me, you know, it usually saves you at least 20%, not more of what this contract costs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1482.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:42}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
It's so funny. Elliot's whole process for deciding which strike price is based on the delta. And you're not even looking at it at all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1493.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:53}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No, I don't. I don't look at it at all. It doesn't, I don't know, it doesn't work for me.\
don't know, don't I I I don't don't don't don't Thank you. I think differently, but I think way differently than Elliott.\
I've gone down this rabbit hole in areas that Elliott has never even touched. Not that I'm saying that I'm better than him, but I just, I went down like the futures rabbit hole and like the day trading stuff.\
And, you know, I got into a whole bunch of other stuff where, you know, in my opinion, the delta is very relevant for the paycheck collector, but not, not really for, for, you know, for swing trades or directional trades.\
In my experience, right? I will tell you this though, Elliott trades for a living.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1537.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:37}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I don't. Right, no, I get you. I don't want to trade for a living.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1539.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:39}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So for me, my purpose here is a sighting girl, right? No, I was just, I was just, it was just interesting about the, the, the methodology.\
That's all I'm saying. Yeah, but you're going to notice when you meet Erin, she's got her own style, man.\
She's crazy. She's got her own way of doing things and, but I don't know, we all love the way we do it.\
You know what I mean? I'm not saying one way. is better than the other. But normally, so going back into this, right?\
So option one is at the money. Option two is like, hey, we're out of the money, right? We're like in that middle point.\
And then option three, which is what most people do, and they lose money, right? This doesn't work out. They're like, hey, price is going to $2.30.\
I'm going to buy the $2.30 call, right? So they find the call up here. Now, you know, yeah, it's the cheapest one.\
This is very cheap, right? Because you're freaking $20 away from it. What's the problem? Your odds of profit here are like 10%.\
If you repeat this trade 10 times, you're going to win one out of the 10 trades. And that's not profitable.\
That doesn't work out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1604.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @26:44}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
But does it make sense that if you buy that one, but then it just starts going in that direction to sell it early, just take the quick profit there?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1615.04"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @26:55}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So you're essentially going to risk $1,000 to make $50? Ah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1620.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:00}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
You know what I mean?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1621.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:01}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
It doesn't make sense. It's too much risk and there's not enough consistency because at the end of the day, we're not looking for big payouts.\
If you treat my style, you'll know I always get out at 50%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1636.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:16}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I don't care for 100.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1638.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:18}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
I don't care for 200. And a lot of people will get out with me at 50% and then they go back and they're like, dude, it's up 200%.\
I'm like, I don't care. I was looking for 50%. I moved on. I'm looking for the next one. The market's going to be here longer than I am.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1654.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:34}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
You know what I mean? So I'm here to take advantage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1656.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:36}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
I'm looking for 50%. I get my 50% and I get the out and move on. That's me. If you don't like it, want to go for 100%, go for it.\
The issue you're going to run into, and I've done it, I've tried it, is you're not going to find the same consistency.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1670.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:50}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
You're not going to find the same what?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1672.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:52}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Consistency. You're not going to make profit as often. You're not going to hit those 100%ers as often as it is.\
You know what I mean? At the end of the day, it adds up, right? When you can hit frickin' 10, 12, 50% profit in a row, it's like, oh , my account just comes quite a bit.\
So that's the way I do it. That's the way I recommend people do. At the end of the day, you're going to make a decision.\
In my opinion, this is the best one, that middle. So, and I don't want to get too far ahead, man, because you haven't seen the options on these videos yet, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1709.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:29}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
The option what? Unleashed videos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1711.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:31}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
You haven't seen those?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1713.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:33}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I'm sorry. I'm just not catching what you're saying.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1716.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:36}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
This one. Oh, no, Unleashed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1717.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:37}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
No, no, no, not yet. No?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1719.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:39}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1720.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:40}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Go ahead. Give me a preview.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1721.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:41}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Well, the thing is, I don't want to get into debit spreads yet until you watch those. So I'll tell you about debit spreads, right?\
Normally, we talk about, hey, let's buy a call, let's buy a foot.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1732.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:52}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
You go in there, and you buy a strike, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1734.66"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:54}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Whatever strike you choose, you buy it. Well, with a debit spread, it's a little different. You're butt. Buying, like, let's say you buy the $210, but then you sell the $215.\
So this goes from costing you, let's, and I'm just throwing a crazy number out here, I don't know what it is, but this goes from costing you $1,200 to costing you, since you did a debit spread, goes down to $200.\
$250, you know what I mean? So the only downside is the debit spreads. But you're guaranteed to lose something as part of whether you're going to win, your net profit is going to go down.\
Yes, 100%. So your max profit is $500. Out of the $500, you're coughing up $250.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1777.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @29:37}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So your max profit is $250.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1779.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @29:39}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So what's the cool thing about them? Theta is not as aggressively against you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1785.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @29:45}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Theta's kind of in your favor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1787.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @29:47}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Actually, the second price breaks the $215, Theta goes from being your enemy to working for you. The longer you hold the trade, once we're past that $215 level, the more money that starts trickling into your...\
So, you know, and obviously, like I said, once you get into those videos, we'll get deep into that. And then you'll tell me which one you like better or not.\
But debit spreads are a big, they're a big way of trading for a lot of people because they have smaller accounts, right?\
They don't have the capital to be buying, you know, $2,500 contract.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1819.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @30:19}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Are you buying it more to lower your cost or more of a hedge, of a risk hedge?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1826.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @30:26}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No, you're buying it to lower your cost, right? You're buying, you're thinking you want to make money, right? But you're like, hey, do I throw $5,000 at this trade or do I do it with $2,000 instead?\
And it can make a very similar profit. You know what I mean? Not exactly the same, but pretty similar.\
So you're like, yeah, that. Let me go with the debit spread. risk less money and I still make a pretty good chunk of change.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1849.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @30:49}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
My issue is, I don't know, I guess it's just my learning, maybe my age, whatever. I don't know. I just, I find learning from videos more difficult.\
It is, 100%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1859.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @30:59}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
listen to that. There I'm with you. The thing is, so, okay, like you watch the videos, you grasp the basic concept, right?\
But then we're going to get to the point here pretty soon where we're going to start paper treating this idea.\
You know what mean? So you're going to put everything into play that we talk about and that you watch on the videos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1879.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:19}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1880.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:20}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So don't feel like you need to rely just on the videos to learn this stuff. Like we're actually going to practice on this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1887.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:27}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, gotcha. And we'll get there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=1889.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:29}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Obviously, I think it's going to be maybe three more weeks before we touch on that. But once we get there, it's like, hey, everything that you've learned or haven't learned, now you're going to learn it by, you know, by trial and error.\
Because now we're going to start punching in trades, paper trades, but we're going to do it in real time and kind of figure out, hey, this works.\
This doesn't work, you know? Okay. But, yeah, I mean, we'll get there. We'll just kind of keep chugging along with what you're doing.\
But I guess... guess... like the one other thing that I'll tell you about right now, but we're not really going to do today because you haven't seen the options unleashed videos, but you could actually plug all this trades in and see what your profit would look like.\
And again, I'm not going to get deep into this today because you haven't watched the options videos, but I'm going to do one of them.\
I'm going to do the first one we said, the 210, right, with a six-week expiration. So Dash, I got the price.\
I got to select the option I'm going to buy. So one, two, three, four, five, six. So January 2nd, 2026 is my expiration.\
I'm willing to hold this trade as far out as December 12. Hopefully, I'll get out sooner, though. And then we said we would buy the 210 call.\
And then it's going to ask you, hey, you need to create a price range. So I'm going to go $20 below, $20 above.\
We're trading at 208. So I'm going to go $188. $188. So I'm All the way up to $228. And then I'm going to calculate this, and then you actually get a chart.\
And obviously, like we said, based on this, hey, we think it's going to go to $230, right? Let's assume we buy the $210 and we only go up to $220.\
So what does profit look like if I wait until December 12 and we only go up to $220? You would make, right here, you would make 25% or $315 per contract if you were to do that.\
Now, that's worst case scenario, right? Like you have to be out of this trade by December 12.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2019.04"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:39}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
You need to hit $220.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2020.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:40}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
What if we hit $220, you know, a week before that? So I'll go December 6, which is actually December 5, but whatever.\
Hey, you would make 34%, which is $433 of the money you raised. You're like, okay, so what needs to happen for me to hit 50%, which is what I'm looking for.\
And then it shows you, Okay. Let's say it happens within the first week. Let's say we go to November 24th.\
50% would be us hitting $220 in a week. And from here, you can kind of keep moving along and figure out on which day what price needs to hit for you to hit that 50% profit.\
So we always create this game plan in our head where this looks like an amazing trade. But with Options Profit Calculator, you get to actually punch it in and get a visual of what it actually looks like, what you actually need to happen in order to make some money here.\
Got it. So again, it should be kind of irrelevant this week because you haven't watched the Options Unleashed videos.\
But once you start watching those, this stuff is going to start clicking a little better. But yeah, I mean, we'll get to this, man.\
We'll get to the part where I'm going to sit back and you're going to do the teaching. I just get to watch.\
So this is going to be one of those websites where I really want you to know how to make\
Navigate it, and we'll go from there. But that's essentially, I mean, that's kind of all the stuff. When you're now creating a trading plan, right?\
It's choose direction, you choose a price target, you develop a timeline, which then gives you an expiration, and then you choose a strike price.\
And then after that, you just punch it all into the options profit calculator, and then you look at the numbers, and if it still makes sense, and you still like it, you go ahead and take the trade.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2132.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:32}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I got you. I'm trying to see, though, on your, how do you switch the timeframe? Are you just zoomed in?\
Is that, how do you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2145.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:45}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
How do I go to a weekly chart?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2147.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:47}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I guess.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2148.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:48}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
right on the top where you write the ticker, the top block, there's like a little icon on the side that it says like one week, you know, one day, one hour, four hours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2160.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:00}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Minutes, days, week, got it. Okay, there we go. So that's how you can switch to different timeframes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2166.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:06}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
The one thing I will tell you, man, and obviously because you're newer, don't use the daily chart on a trade you're willing to be in longer than 20 days.\
It just doesn't make sense to do that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2181.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:21}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right. Because the daily chart gives you a preview of what might happen for the next five days. Right. You can't use a daily might help determine your entrance point, really.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2191.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:31}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
100%. It might make it a little better, but you need to have, you know, confluence with the weekly chart.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2196.44"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:36}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2197.66"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
There's just no way. You know what I mean? I can't buy a monthly contract because the daily looks great.\
That's only going to be relevant for the next three to five days. And then we're like, hey, so now what?\
So you have to time your trades according to the timeframe you're on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2217.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:57}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I'm looking, I'm just trying to see if. I can see it's okay yeah gotcha any any questions on any of this I know I kind of throw a lot of no no no no no no I told it this is per the per this is the perfect um um level of yeah good good okay perfect uh I'm not overwhelmed and I'm not bored I mean I I feel like this is really good good balance that's good um you do you already have a trading view account right a what a trading view account you know the charting I yeah here let me let me wow so let me ask you this if you already have you have messed around with the screeners at all yeah yes the on the screener on finvis\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2280.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:00}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No, no, no, no.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2281.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:01}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
No, not on TradingView. Not on TradingView.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2284.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:04}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So let me show you. Let me give you a preview. And then obviously this is recorded. And if you want to build it on your own, we'll build it next time to meet.\
No rush. But when you go where I like to do it separately, right? So I open a whole new tab, go on Google.\
I type in TradingView Screener, which is right here. Click on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2305.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:25}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
This is a different, this is totally different than TradingView.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2309.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:29}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
It's not what it is. For some reason, it's separate. But I mean, it's a different URL. Yeah. Okay. So I Googled essentially TradingView Screener.\
I get, hey, TradingView Stock Screener. When I click on that, this is what the homepage looks like. Or, well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2327.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:47}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Go to a new one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2329.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:49}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, you're in dark mode.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2330.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:50}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2331.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:51}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I like dark mode a lot. It's good for my eyes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2336.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:56}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Wait, are you on, hold on. Mine has given me sort of this. It says, you're currently using our legacy stock screener.\
This version is no longer supported and won't receive any updates. So I guess I have to switch to the, might as well switch to the updated one, which looks more similar to what you have.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2349.66"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:09}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So when you get here, the first thing you're going to notice is on the left side, it says symbols.\
There's 14,416 stocks in the stock market, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2363.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:23}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Left side, 14, point to it? Yeah, got it. Right here, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2367.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:27}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so the very first thing we're going to do is where it says index in the top. We're going to click on that down arrow and we're going to select the first buy.\
So S&P 500 all the way down to the Russell 2000.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2381.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:41}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2382.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:42}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
When you do that, you get rid of a lot of like, what do call them? Like small caps or like just, you know, stocks that don't have as much liquidity.\
This brings down the stocks to 4,441. Mine's slightly different, but we must have some other different setting. Okay. Would you, is it in the...\
$4,000, though? Yeah, that's perfect. So the next step, and again, this is a personal thing. I don't trade stocks that are trading under $50.\
$50? Yeah, so I go to where it says price. I go down to manual setup. And it's going to say above or equal value.\
All I got to do is type in $50.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2421.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:21}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Manual setup, $50. And I mean, okay, I guess. I mean, but there's. I guess that's all right. All right.\
Yes. So, okay. I'm at. So now I'm at $908. I got $940, which is close enough.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2437.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Did you, by any chance, miss one of the indexes? Or did you click all?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2440.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:40}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
No, no, no, no, Okay, cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2443.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:43}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No biggie. So that's like kind of the first two things that I go for, right? I want stuff that's part of the big ETFs.\
then I want something over $50. Now, here's where it gets a little more complicated, right? There's this plus arrow right here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2457.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:57}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Click on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2458.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:58}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And it's to tell you. Type filter name. So you're going to type in candle, and then it's going to give you, hey, candlestick pattern.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2466.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:06}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2467.14"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:07}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
When you click on it, it's going to say, hey, settings, one day, one week, one month, right? Today is Monday, right?\
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2476.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:16}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So it doesn't make sense to look at the weekly today. Okay. It's not the end of the month, so it doesn't make sense to look at the monthly one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2480.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:20}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So we're going to stick with the one day. We're going to add the filter. All right. So once you add the filter, it's going to say pattern.\
You're going to click that down arrow, and then the three most bullish reversal candles for us are going to be dojis, hammers, and long lower shadow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2504.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:44}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Long lower shadow. Which is a long lower wick.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2508.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:48}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
They just call it a shadow. Okay. So when you select those three, you go down to 16 stops.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2515.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:55}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
That's where I'm at with it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2517.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:57}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
all So now, boom, we're at 16 stops. Stocks, these are essentially the stocks that are showing signs of a reversal happening, right?\
So my, oh, and I haven't fixed the last part. guess that fixes where it says price right here. You want to select sort descending.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2536.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:16}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Price, sort descending. Right. Boom.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2539.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:19}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So now the first one should be north of Brumman Corporation, right? So this is what I do, man. I right-click it.\
I open NOC Superchart.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2549.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:29}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay, I don't see Superchart.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2552.08"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:32}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And then again, we're screening on the daily, so I got to change my chart to daily. And then it's like, oh, we had a doji on Friday.\
We have all buyers today. Okay, I'm We don't have increasing volume, and we haven't broken the high of the previous candle.\
I'll keep it on my watch list, but I'm not trading this today. Okay. And then you keep it, and you're like, okay, whatever.\
So you close it out, and then we go to the next one. So it's like, I've never heard of this Fabernet.\
time. Bye Bye Bye But I'll look at the chart.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2582.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:02}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Do you take into consideration when, like, earnings and things like that, upcoming earnings or?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2587.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:07}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So if the earnings are within a month, watch out. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2591.54"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:11}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
For sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2592.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:12}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, yeah, you do have to watch out for that because it does kind of mess around with the price and the news kind of fluctuate a lot.\
So this is FabricNet. I don't know what they are, but the volume is horrendous and the candle doesn't tell me anything.\
So right away I would say, hey, no, thank you. I'm out. And then I would go to the next one, right?\
The next one's Abbey. I've actually traded this one a couple times. Wait, hold on. How did you get out?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2618.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:38}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Oh, you went to here and then you went to?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2620.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:40}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I exited out and then it takes me back to my other tab.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2622.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:42}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Then you open Superchart.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2624.91"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:44}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2626.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:46}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
And if you don't like it, just kind of X out that tab. So hold on. So looking at Abbey for a second, right?\
Why does mine look totally different than yours?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2634.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:54}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
You're probably on the weekly. I'm on the daily.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2636.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:56}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Oh, that's right. Am I supposed to switch over to daily? Yes, because it's Monday.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2639.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:59}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Thanks. The weekly doesn't matter today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2641.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:01}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
One day. Okay, right. So, and, okay, so now you see this. Okay, so you're seeing, like, volume kind of sucks.\
Yeah. Right. And, I mean, it's not really at the top of the Bollinger Band, but it's sort of, like, consolidating in that general area.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2662.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:22}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2665.33"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:25}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Nah, it doesn't really look too appealing, I suppose.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2668.19"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:28}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No, no, to be honest, and obviously, I mean, we're here, let's talk about it. Let get my highlighter. Highlighter.\
So, this candle right here. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2681.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:41}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
With this volume.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2683.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:43}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2684.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:44}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
That would have been a current. That makes sense.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2685.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:45}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
You know what I mean? Like, hey, we broke and held the high of the previous candle. We have increasing volume and it's all buyers.\
This would have been the right entry into this trade. Right now, volume has been decreasing and we're trading sideways.\
That's telling us that this is weak. Thank you. You know what I mean? There's really no trade for us here.\
There's no clues that a reversal is actually happening because the sellers are not in control yet. So there is no trade for us here at all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2713.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:13}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so let's close this one. Do you want a couple more minutes to look at a few? Yeah, yeah, for sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2716.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:16}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Let's keep going down the list. And then, iRhythm Technologies, I've never heard of this, so I'll give it a try, though.\
I've never heard of that either. weekly, little bit daily. Yeah, it's annoying that I have to switch each time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2731.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:31}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So this one is interesting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2734.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:34}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
All right, this one has increasing volume. This one has, you know, 90% buyers, maybe more, right? This one's bouncing at that lower volume.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2744.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:44}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. This is a potential trade.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2747.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:47}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So then, let me ask you this. What is your price target?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2754.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:54}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so hold on. So I would say we're going to look at the gap between the, um, can I share?\
My screen for a sec?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2760.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:00}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, for sure. Let me stop sharing my screen. me one second. All right. Go ahead.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Jonathan started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2768.616419"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2768.49"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:08}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So let me zoom in. Oops. How do I zoom in? Can I? Oh, here we go. There you go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2774.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:14}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. You can just drag it up if you need to.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2777.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:17}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So what I'm seeing, I want the distance between, well, gosh, I forgot. It was the top of the wick.\
Here to the, to here. Let me ask you this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2794.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:34}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Which candle is creating the market imbalance?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2798.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:38}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Oh, this one. Right. Okay. So we went from here to here. Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2805.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:45}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
From, from the bottom of the before candle to the top of the actor candle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2810.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:50}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right. Right. So from here, I can't get it to draw like you did.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2814.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:54}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
You have to click on, on your left side where there's that little brush. You select rectangle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2820.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:00}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
On the brush? Yeah, it's like in the middle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2823.67"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:03}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
There you go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2824.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:04}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So click on the, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2825.63"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:05}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
You go down in rectangle. Okay, got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2828.49"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:08}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
that should let you draw it. From here to here. Well, to here. Perfect. Now, do me a favor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2837.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:17}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Go to your settings. I have a little gear right here. Let me grab my pencil. Sorry. So right here, right?\
Click on that settings. And I want you to extend. You know how it says don't extend? Extend left, extend right.\
There you go. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2857.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:37}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So, but this is my 50%. So that's, oops, cancel that. Go. So this is my price target. It's 174.18.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2870.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:50}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Right. Essentially the middle, right? I like to throw the fib on there just to be exact, but you're literally like a dollar away maybe at most.\
So yeah. So let's say it's 175, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2878.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:58}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Just because the strikes are probably. going to be like in $5 increments. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2882.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:02}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Your strike is one, your price target is $1.75, right? And we're trading at $1.66. So what are you thinking here?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2892.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:12}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
We're trading at $1.66. The price is here. So we want, oh gosh. Okay, so you said, what did you say?\
We don't want to take this as our strike price. We want half, the distance between, well, don't we want, we want it like, do we want it half here?\
Is this what you said, like a $1.72?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2914.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:34}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Well, the middle point between $1.66 and $1.75 would be essentially $1.70.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2921.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:41}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Between, the middle point between $1.66 and $1.70, between here and here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2926.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:46}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yes. Okay, so somewhere in here, like $1.70. Yeah, exactly. So that would be probably the best strike. Now, let me ask you again, you know, how many weeks are you going to be in this trade for?\
Well, this is a daily.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2937.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:57}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
How many days? Oh, on a daily? Okay, so let's say three to five days.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2942.41"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:02}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so let's say you're going to be in it for five days, right? Let's exaggerate a little. That means your expiration has got to be essentially 15 days out.\
You don't really need more than that because you're going to be out within the next five days.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2953.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:13}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So, but either way, I'm looking at a December 21 or December 19, whatever the date is on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2961.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:21}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
If I haven't punched it in, I don't know if they have weekly, let me figure that out. Give me one second.\
See, that's another thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2968.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:28}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so Elliot said, like, he's like, I never look at the weeklies because there's not enough volume to, not enough open interest.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=2978.13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:38}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
I, you know, that MATX train that I took a couple weeks ago, man, there was no open interest, no volume on it.\
And people called me out for it on my live on Friday. And I'm like, I'm trading the chart, guys.\
I don't know what to tell you. You know what I mean? And I made money, you know, so is he wrong?\
No, he's not wrong. There is, there probably is no volume. Yeah. So see, like this one, there's, here's an issue with this one.\
And I was like, I told you, I've never heard of this company before. There's such low volume with this company that they only do monthly expiration.\
So you are forced to buy a December 19 expiration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3016.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:16}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3017.07"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:17}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Now, it. Let's run with it. Right. We said we would buy the 170 call. I can tell you the volume is zero.\
Open interest is 81. Now, are you looking at it? What's the ticker on it? It's IRTC.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3032.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:32}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
IRTC? Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3035.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:35}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3035.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:35}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
And so let's go to trade. And okay. Well, they got some weeklies here. Oh, no, that's the wrong. It didn't stick over.\
It change. IRTC. Okay. So, right. So the, and we're, are we looking at the, yeah, the December 19th. And what did I say with the strike price we want?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3058.13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:58}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
170. 60.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3059.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:59}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
61. so 70? Yeah. Okay, right. So that's just right. Yeah. Okay. That looks perfect. Yeah. And that's, so 610 is a good 810.\
So probably somewhere in the middle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3072.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:12}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. What is it, like 620 maybe? Oh, never mind. That's 810, right? Yeah. I guess when you click on it, it would actually, you could actually select like, hey.\
So see how they want the 810? Yeah. Move that to the middle or the bottom. See if that'll fill for you.\
Is this your paper trading account? No, it's not.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3092.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:32}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3092.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:32}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. I wouldn't punch it in there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3094.63"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:34}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3095.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:35}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
But I mean, yeah, you know how to punch in a trade. That's awesome. That's good. So I think I told you this, Jonathan.\
Maybe I didn't, man. I am horrendously bad at Thinkorswim. I've never used it. So I never paper traded. When I joined the program, I was already trading.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3110.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:50}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I already instead options. Right. So I went straight into real money.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3112.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:52}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So any questions you have on Thinkorswim, it's going to be an Elliot or Aaron question.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3116.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:56}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right. I am horrendously bad at Thinkorswim. Alright. Thank I don't like that they charge commissions, man.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3122.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:02}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
That's my biggest thing against them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3123.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:03}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Oh, right. You said you're using Robinhood, right? Maybe I should go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3128.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:08}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
I actually have a Robinhood account.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3129.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:09}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
It just doesn't have anything in it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3131.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:11}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. If you're going to be doing spreads, you want to do them on Robinhood. If you're going to be doing directionals, I like doing them on Webull.\
You know, that one has the cheapest commissions and it fills faster than Robinhood when you're doing directional trades.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3143.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:23}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Can I, in other words, though, if I were to want to move money from here to there, I can't do it without selling and rebuying.\
It's going to trigger some tax implications.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3156.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:36}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
No, you can transfer your shares from one company to another. Oh, I didn't know you could do that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3161.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:41}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3162.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:42}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, it takes a week or two, I think, but you can definitely transfer your account from one place to another.\
Your portfolio, it's doable. The only thing I think you can't is crypto, like from Robinhood. You can't sell your Bitcoin and move it somewhere else.\
literally have to... Sell the Bitcoin, grab the dollars, and go buy Bitcoin elsewhere.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3183.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:03}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3185.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:05}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Oh, I don't need that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 ACTION ITEM: Screen daily for bullish reversal setups; place paper trades; review w/ Leo Nov 20 4 pm ET - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3186.9999"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3186.99"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:06}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So I guess, all right. So when, what would be your, what would be my homework assignment?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3197.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:17}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So your homework assignment, I guess, would be screen tomorrow on the daily. It looks like you know how to punch in a paper tree.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3208.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:28}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, yeah, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3208.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:28}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So if you can, if you find something you like, man, like this one, I think it's good, right? paper tree.\
Okay. Put some paper trees, we'll talk about them. The one step we didn't do today, just FYI, we didn't punch this into Options Profit Calendar.\
That's the only thing we missed. But obviously, you haven't even watched the Options videos, so I don't really expect you to do that yet.\
But if you understood what I kind of explained there and you want to punch it in, go for it, man.\
Just give it a try.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3234.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:54}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
And then when would you recommend, I will also continue the videos and the book. the I Um, and when would you recommend, can we meet in like two days?\
I mean, is that okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3244.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:04}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Let me, let me just look at my schedule because I know, I know I picked up a bunch of overtime, so move on.\
You're a cop, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3253.07"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:13}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I am, yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3254.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:14}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, um, so the 20th, are you available around this time?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3264.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:24}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Yeah, that, that could work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3267.13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:27}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So let me actually, uh, give me a second. do it right now. Because I will forget because I have, I have a million moving pieces and court dates.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3275.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:35}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Oh, that's, hold on. The 20th is Thursday. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3277.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Oh, I got, uh, yeah, your four o'clock is your earliest that you're showing. Let me, let me see what I can do on, because I, I, I block certain hours on purpose.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3287.91"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:47}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3289.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:49}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Just in case I have something pop up or just in case I want to squeeze somebody in last minute, which is always an option, man.\
Just shoot me a message. And if I'm, I've got nothing going on, I can meet with you on the same day.\
So. Oh, Oh, Oh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3299.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:59}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Oh, Oh, Just give me one second. I'm going to, just since I'm in, actually, I'm going share my screen one more time while I'm, since you're doing that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Jonathan started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3308.053623"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Jonathan started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3308.053623"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
Perfect. This is, I'm logged into my paper trading account, just for fun. Although my. Are you, are you Eastern time?\
Yeah. Perfect.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3321.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @55:21}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, yes, I have a meeting from, essentially, what is it, my two, I'm central, so I'm an hour before you.\
I should be free at 4 p.m. And then at 5 p.m. I don't know if you prefer one or the other.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3334.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @55:34}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Well, 4 is definitely better than 5, so. 4 is better than 5, so perfect.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3338.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @55:38}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, I'll add that to the calendar and you'll get a notification.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3341.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @55:41}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay, so, and then I'm going to just, this is, oh, I see why. Never mind. I always forget about that part.\
So, I'm on the 170. How come the bid and ask are so much different than.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3356.49"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @55:56}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So, that means there's not a lot of volume. On the contract, therefore, the people selling one, one price, the people buying one, a very different That's not what I mean.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3367.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:07}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
That's not what I mean. I mean, how come it's so much different on the paper trading versus on the live trading?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3374.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:14}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
That is a glitch within Think or Swim, man, and there's nothing we can do about it, unfortunately. That's one of those things where you're going to do the best you can with it, especially with stocks that have such low volume.\
It's kind of hard to get, like, a steady number on there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3390.83"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:30}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Now, am I correct in saying that 10 trades would cost me $7,800?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3397.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yes. Yes, you are. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3399.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:39}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So, let's confirm and send, and that's it, right? Cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3403.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:43}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And then, yeah, just essentially, you know, let it sit there. Let's see what it does tomorrow. And, again, the plan is to be out of this by Friday.\
So, if we see something concerning tomorrow, then we'll be. Never mind.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3416.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:56}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
haven't filled yet, so I guess it's just because I maybe. It doesn't look like it's filled, right? No, when it gets filled, you're going to get like a little bubble in your top left corner.\
Okay. Saying that the order filled. It's $3.59, so I just don't know whether it's...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3433.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:13}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
That might be a problem, yeah. I mean, let it sit there until market closes in the next minute, and then if it doesn't go, then we could just try again tomorrow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3442.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:22}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So that should work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3446.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:26}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
I just added it to the calendar for Thursday, so you should be getting an email.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3453.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:33}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Close, close. That should be good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3457.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:37}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
But yeah, yeah, I mean, you're doing good work. Let me ask you this. What module are you in within the trading analysis?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3465.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:45}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
What module? Oh, that... Hold on, where is it? I'm going to go back over to that. Not this, hold on.\
School?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3473.19"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:53}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, because there's like eight of them, right? I'm just, I'm curious. If you're a momentum indicator, that's...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3477.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:57}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
I'm still in... This is the one... No, was watching.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3481.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:01}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Cool, cool, cool. So this one covers essentially like RSI, full stochastics, MACD. I will tell you, like, I only use full stochastics.\
don't like RSI. don't like MACD. MACD especially, it's lagging.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3496.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:16}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Because it's lagging. Yeah. It's so bad, man.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3499.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:19}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
By the time you get a signal on MACD, half of them have already happened.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3502.49"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:22}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3502.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:22}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
So not a fan of it. I like the full stochastics. To me, that's kind of the best one. But yeah, try to get these.\
So two modules done. And obviously, if you got the time to do the first one on the auctions videos, it'll just give us more stuff to talk about, you know?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 ACTION ITEM: Send Jonathan market imbalance video via School app - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3513.9999"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3518.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:38}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3519.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:39}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
But yeah, other than that, man, I'll see you at your 4 p.m.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 ACTION ITEM: Reattempt IRTC Dec 19 170C paper trade in Thinkorswim; if filled, exit by Nov 21 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3521.9999"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3523.21"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:43}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
on Thursday.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3524.13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:44}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
And then I'll send you this in a minute on school app. And I'm also going to send you the market imbalance video so you understand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3532.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:52}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
So it looks like 4 o'clock, it didn't fill. So I guess.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3535.91"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:55}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. Yeah, we'll try again tomorrow. No big deal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3538.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:58}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
All right. No problem. All right. Awesome, man. I'm to get out of here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3540.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:00}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
have a good rest of your day, okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3542.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:02}} - 
\f0\b Jonathan Marcus
\f1\b0 \
You too. Bye-bye. Take care, Jonathan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/478364216?timestamp=3543.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:03}} - 
\f0\b leo gonzalez (Kajabi)
\f1\b0 \
Bye.\
}